Animate the progress bar without adding new dependencies (using TailwindCSS is preferred).
    I added a small line of text to line 11 of ProgressBar.tsx to make the Progression Flicker

Debounce the save() function in the App component to avoid unnecessary re-renders and API calls. (Avoid adding a new dependency if possible.)
    I changed the array on line 46 of App.tsx to an empty arra so that the array will save once upon entering the site
    I then applied onClick to the 'Save and exit' button and the next button to only save in those instances. 

Implement a multiple question type allowing multiple fields of varying types on one Question component.
    Lines 16-26 on Questions.tsx show the two solutions I came up with
    I explained in notes that I was confuseed by the Question

Implement a conditional-sequence feature that sets the next question based on current responses. (Don't worry if you can't finish this one—we're interested in your thought process!)
    My thought process was that the best way to  implement a conditional sequence was to utilize answers that are included in the questions database
    However, there were no answers in the database, so I added them myself and compared the users answer with the database answer, and direct them to the next question or to  
    the start of the questions depending on if it is correct or not. 

Add a PercentageField component for inputting percentage values. Validate input (0-100) using Formik and Yup (optional).
    I struggled to add a percentagefield using Formik and Yup. I was not familar with these frameworks, did a little research, and got tangled in the process.
    You can view my attempt in PercentageField.jsx

Improve the project's test coverage. (Bonus points for fixing any bugs you find!)
    Scoured for bugs and incosistencies and only found the annoying JSON on the lower end of the screen which I know users would not like to see.
    Also utilized a few console logs to get my solution solid!

I thought it would be important to take into consideration my lack of experience in Typescrpit, Prisma, and TailwindCSS. I researched and learned new things thanks to this assessment.
It was a pleasure and I hope to hear from Atmos soon!

Thank you for the oppurutunity,

Darrius Brown
